<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [bitburner](./bitburner.md) &gt; [RunOptions](./bitburner.runoptions.md)

## RunOptions interface


**Signature:**

```typescript
interface RunOptions 
```

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[preventDuplicates?](./bitburner.runoptions.preventduplicates.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Should we fail to run if another instance is running with the exact same arguments? This used to be the default behavior, now defaults to false.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[ramOverride?](./bitburner.runoptions.ramoverride.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

number


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ The RAM allocation to launch each thread of the script with.

Lowering this will <i>not</i> automatically let you get away with using less RAM: the dynamic RAM check enforces that all [NS](./bitburner.ns.md) functions actually called incur their cost. However, if you know that certain functions that are statically present (and thus included in the static RAM cost) will never be called in a particular circumstance, you can use this to avoid paying for them.

You can also use this to <i>increase</i> the RAM if the static RAM checker has missed functions that you need to call.

Must be greater-or-equal to the base RAM cost. Will be rounded to the nearest hundredth-of-a-GB, which is the granularity of all RAM calculations. Defaults to the statically calculated cost.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[temporary?](./bitburner.runoptions.temporary.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Whether this script is excluded from saves, defaults to false


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[threads?](./bitburner.runoptions.threads.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

number


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Number of threads that the script will run with, defaults to 1


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

