<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [bitburner](./bitburner.md) &gt; [Format](./bitburner.format.md) &gt; [number](./bitburner.format.number.md)

## Format.number() method

Format a number.

**Signature:**

```typescript
number(n: number, fractionalDigits?: number, suffixStart?: number, isInteger?: boolean): string;
```

## Parameters

<table><thead><tr><th>

Parameter


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

n


</td><td>

number


</td><td>

Number to format.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

fractionalDigits


</td><td>

number


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Number of digits to show in the fractional part of the decimal number. Optional, defaults to 3.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

suffixStart


</td><td>

number


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ How high a number must be before a suffix will be added. Optional, defaults to 1000.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

isInteger


</td><td>

boolean


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Whether the number represents an integer. Integers do not display fractional digits until a suffix is present. Optional, defaults to false.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

**Returns:**

string

Formatted number.

## Remarks

RAM cost: 0 GB

Converts a number into a numeric string with the specified format options. This is the same function that the game itself uses to display numbers. The format also depends on the Numeric Display settings (all options on the "Numeric Display" options page) To format ram or percentages, see [format.ram](./bitburner.format.ram.md) and [format.percent](./bitburner.format.percent.md)

This function has some quirky undocumented behaviors. This is a non-exhaustive list of those behaviors:

- "Infinity" and "-Infinity" are returned as "∞" and "-∞", respectively.

- If you disable the suffix form in the settings page or the absolute value is greater than or equal to 1e33, this function will use the exponential form. This means that, if Math.abs(n) &gt;<!-- -->= 1e33, the returned value is always in the exponential form, regardless of the setting.

Note that the behaviors listed above are "undocumented", in the sense that we don't make any guarantee about backward compatibility. You must not rely on those behaviors.

